stock number 126 114 GMC sierra 1500
crew cab four-wheel-drive all-terrain
Edition 5.3 liter engine six-speed
automatic 20 inch aluminum wheels
has off-road suspension
trailer tow package
is onyx black comes with body color
front end
power window controls window lock button
door lock button driver and passenger
power mirror also power folding mirror
interior is ebony with light titanium
power seat controls headlight switch and
four-wheel drive controls trailer brake
package cruise control gauges with
custom inserts for the all-terrain
edition hands-free communication and
stereo controls CD player with am/fm
radio also XM satellite radio dual zone
air conditioning and heating power
adjustable pedals parking assist and
traction control comes equipped with
OnStar also has a power tilt sliding
sunroof
you